xpose whether a room is a space in the Admin API #11904 (#13208)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/admin_api/rooms.md

    - `guest_access` - Whether guests can join the room. One of: ["can_join", "forbidden"].
    - `history_visibility` - Who can see the room history. One of: ["invited", "joined", "shared", "world_readable"].
    - `state_events` - Total number of state_events of a room. Complexity of the room.

>     - `room_type` - the type of the room. It is `null` for normal rooms and `m.space` for spaces.

Reviewer: Same comment:

```suggestion
    - `room_type` - the type of the room. It is `m.space` for spaces and `null` otherwise.
```

>     - `room_type` - the type of the room. It is `null` for normal rooms and `m.space` for spaces.

Reviewer 2: Note that there exist room types other than `m.space` as well. Just searching matrix.org's database I find:

* `io.element.video`
* `org.matrix.msc3815.profile`
* `org.matrix.msc3815.world`
* `msc3588.stories.stories-room`

While the Matrix spec only defines a room type of `m.space` currently, unstable identifiers as room types are permitted, and more stable types will inevitably make their way into the way in the future: https://spec.matrix.org/v1.3/client-server-api/#types

So I'd avoid saying the value may *only* be `m.space` or null. Rather, `m.space` should simply serve as one such example of a value.

>     - `room_type` - The type of the room. It is specified as `m.space` for spaces and `null` otherwise. However, unspecificed room types are also permitted.

Author: I think its great, that's much better. you have a way with words, thanks.

* `guest_access` - Whether guests can join the room. One of: ["can_join", "forbidden"].
* `history_visibility` - Who can see the room history. One of: ["invited", "joined", "shared", "world_readable"].
* `state_events` - Total number of state_events of a room. Complexity of the room.

> * `room_type` - the type of the room. 

Reviewer 3: An idea to make it more specific.
```suggestion
* `room_type` - The type of the room. It is `null` for normal rooms and `m.space` for spaces.
  See [specification](https://spec.matrix.org/latest/client-server-api/#types).
```

Author: good idea,0 I've updated it. thanks for the suggestion.
